[DOCS-8925] Add Security Access Control doc (#25586)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/security-products/detection-rules-granular-access.md

> By default, all users have full access to the detection rules. To use granular access controls to limit the [roles][101] that may edit a single rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all users have read and write access to the detection rules. To use granular access controls to limit the [roles][101] that may edit a single rule:
```

> By default, all users have read and write access to the detection rules. To use granular access controls to limit the [roles][101] that may edit a single rule:

Author: ```suggestion
By default, all users have view and edit access to the detection rules. To use granular access controls to limit the [roles][101] that may edit a single rule:
```

1. Click the vertical three-dot menu for the rule and select **Permissions**.

> 1. Click **Restrict Access**. The dialog box updates to show that members of your organization have **Viewer** access by default.

Reviewer: Can you clarify what the "by default" part means here? Does this mean that all new users will, by default, only have view access to the rule going forward?

Author: Answered below.

1. Use the dropdown menu to select one or more roles, teams, or users that may edit the security rule.
1. Click **Add**.
1. Click **Save**.

> **Note:** To maintain your edit access to the rule, the system requires you to include at least one role that you are a member of before saving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** To maintain your edit access to the rule, Datadog requires you to include at least one role that you are a member of before saving.
```
